## Description
Given an array of string `words`, return _all strings in_ `words` _that is a **substring** of another word_. You can return the answer in **any order**.

A **substring** is a contiguous sequence of characters within a string

**Example 1:**
**Input:** words = ["mass","as","hero","superhero"]
**Output:** ["as","hero"]
**Explanation:** "as" is substring of "mass" and "hero" is substring of "superhero".
["hero","as"] is also a valid answer.

**Example 2:**
**Input:** words = ["leetcode","et","code"]
**Output:** ["et","code"]
**Explanation:** "et", "code" are substring of "leetcode".

**Example 3:**
**Input:** words = ["blue","green","bu"]
**Output:** []
**Explanation:** No string of words is substring of another string.

**Constraints:**
- `1 <= words.length <= 100`
- `1 <= words[i].length <= 30`
- `words[i]` contains only lowercase English letters.
- All the strings of `words` are **unique**.

## My first attempt 
I used the C++ docs for [.subtr](https://cplusplus.com/reference/string/string/substr/)
```C++ 
/*
* Pseudo Code
* 1. Allocate a vector of strings called `substrings`
* 2. loop each string into a loop of each other string
* 2.1. Call a function to see if s1 is a substring of s2
*/
class Solution {
	public:
	vector<string> stringMatching(vector<string>& words) {
		vector<string> substrings;
		  
		for(string s1 : words) {
			for(string s2 : words) {
				if(s1 == s2) continue;
				//cout << "Finding: " << s1 << " within " << s2 << endl;
				if(isSubstring(s1, s2)) {
					//cout << "Found it!" << endl;
					substrings.push_back(s1);
					break;
				}
			}
		}
		return substrings;
	}
	  
		bool isSubstring(string s1, string s2) {
		for(int i = 0; i + s1.size() < s2.size() + 1; i++) {
			//cout << s1 << " " << s2.substr(i, s1.size()) << endl;
			if(s1 == s2.substr(i, s1.size())) {
				return true;
			}
		}
		return false;
	}
};
```

## Implementation that uses Tries
I read about it, and read a tutorial about Tries that was useless.
I read the code and Tries are simple.
It's an N-ary tree where each node is a character, then when you insert a string into it, you build that string as a path from the root.
The nodes are in a hashmap from characters to their node, so you just check if the tree has the first character of your string in it, if so, check if it's chars are in there as a path.
